README.md, before:

# mVoter 2020

This repo contains the code for the mVoter 2020 Android App. mVoter 2020 is an updated version of previously 2017 version with addition of new features and data for 2020. The app is open sourced for educational purpose, and because we believe that softwares made with public money should be publicly available. Read more on [Public Money, Public Code](https://publiccode.asia/) here.

## Table Of Content

* [Specification](#specification)
  * [Technical Specification](#technical-specification)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [Download](#download)

## Specification

### Technical Specification

The code need to be compiled with following specification

- **Sdk version** : 30 (Android 11)
- **Android Studio** : 4.0.1
- **Kotlin** : 1.4.0

The App is targeted for the following specification

- **Minium Sdk version** : 21 (Android Lollipop)
- **Target Sdk version** : 30 (Android 11)

## Contributing

You're welcomed to submit issues and pull requests as long as you adhere to Github community guideline. Any form of contribution is welcomed, from typo error to submitting a new feature.

## Download

The app can be downloaded from [Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.popstack.mvoter2015). If your phone doesn't have Play Store, you can also manually download the apk from [our website](https://mvoterapp.com/).

## License

```
    mVoter 2020
    Copyright (C) 2020 PopStack

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
```

Commit message:

docs: Add contributing to readme

README.md, after:

# mVoter 2020

This repo contains the code for the mVoter 2020 Android App. mVoter 2020 is an updated version of previously 2017 version with addition of new features and data for 2020. The app is open sourced for educational purpose, and because we believe that softwares made with public money should be publicly available. Read more on [Public Money, Public Code](https://publiccode.asia/) here.

## Table Of Content

* [Specification](#specification)
  * [Technical Specification](#technical-specification)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [Download](#download)

## Specification

### Technical Specification

The code need to be compiled with following specification

- **Sdk version** : 30 (Android 11)
- **Android Studio** : 4.0.1
- **Kotlin** : 1.4.0

The App is targeted for the following specification

- **Minium Sdk version** : 21 (Android Lollipop)
- **Target Sdk version** : 30 (Android 11)

## Contributing

You're welcomed to submit issues and pull requests as long as you adhere to Github community guideline. Read [Contributing.md](https://github.com/PopStackHack/mVoterAndroid/blob/master/Contributing.md) for more information on how to setup your development environment.

## Download

The app can be downloaded from [Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.popstack.mvoter2015). If your phone doesn't have Play Store, you can also manually download the apk from [our website](https://mvoterapp.com/).

## License

```
    mVoter 2020
    Copyright (C) 2020 PopStack

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
```
